The game of hex is a 2 player(Black and White) deterministic game of perfect information. 
Meaning, during gameplay every player can observe the whole game state. There’s no hidden information, 
hence everyone has perfect information about the whole game at any given time.

As a result, we can always compute which player is currently ahead and which one is behind.
There are several ways of doing this. For a game like Chess, one approach to evaluate the current game state 
is to add up all the remaining white pieces on the board and subtract all the remaining black ones. 
Doing this will produce a single value where a large value favors white and a small value favors black. 
This type of function is called an evaluation function.

Based on this evaluation function, we could say white tries to maximize the value while black tries to
minimize the value. Computationally this could be evaluated using the Minimax Algorithm, which would
in turn allow us to pick the best possible moves that maximize our outcomes.

The Minimax Algorithm works well for simple games such as Tic Tac Toe. But for more complex games such
as chess and hex, it becomes computationally infeasible to implement. Luckily, we could still implement
Minimax Algorithm by simply optimizing it using Alpha Beta Pruning, which ignores the evaluation of the
worst moves by players.

With this, it seems as though the Minimax Algorithm combined with Alpha Beta Pruning is enough to build
AI's for most 2 player deterministic games of perfect information. This is not true. That method relies on
having a defined and robust evaluation function to determine the values of the current game state. Recall
for Chess, the example of an evaluation function relied on counting remaining white pieces on the board
and subtracting all the remaining black ones. This is a good base of evaluation, but for these games
and others, there are more complexities involved in the evaluation functions.

Fortunately, there is a general workaround to games that would ordinarily have complex evaluation
functions, this is randomness. Specifically, in this case, Monte Carlo simulations or MCS. 
A MCS function runs simulations in a game, then determines the path of the highest potential win outcome.
MCS generates and plays multiple random games from the current state of the board. For instance, if
two players at a certain given state of a game were to launch a thousand random games played from
that state, and player white were to win 80% of the time, that tells us that there must be something
about that state which gives player white an advantage. 

MCS is considered a heuristic approach as it bypasses having to come up with elaborate evaluation
functions but instead produces multiple simulations to come up with a solution that may not be the
most optimal move but instead an approximation to the most optimal move.
